On Windows, set name of Window Class, closes #2977 (#2978)
rust-windowing/winit: CHANGELOG.md

# Unreleased

> - On Windows, added `WindowBuilderExtWindows::with_window_classname` and changed the `register_window_class` definition and call in `init` to use newly defined Windows Platform Attribute `window_classname`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On Windows, added `WindowBuilderExtWindows::with_class_name` to customize the internal class name.
```
